You know-when a person is depressed, he especially likes watching the sunset... You know — one loves the sunset, when one is so sad…
If a person has a soft spot for a flower, and that flower is unique in the vast galaxy, then he will be satisfied as long as he looks up at the stars. If someone loves a flower, of which just one single blossom grows in all the millions and millions of stars, it is enough to make him happy just to look at the stars.
He would mutter to himself: "My flower is somewhere in the galaxy..." However, once this flower is eaten by sheep, all the stars will be dimmed in an instant... Then you think too. Doesn't it matter? He can say to himself, "Somewhere, my flower is there…" But if the sheep eats the flower, in one moment all his stars will be darkened… And you think that is not important!
Flower is always inconsistent, and I am too young to love her... Flowers are so inconsistent! But I was too young to know how to love her…
She actually didn't want to let the little prince see herself crying. For she did not want him to see her crying.
What a haughty flower she used to be... She was such a proud flower…
My flower life is short, she only has four thorns to protect herself and resist the world, but I leave her alone on my planet! My flower is ephemeral, and she has only four thorns to defend herself against the world. And I have left on my planet, all alone!
His flowers once told him that he was the only kind of flower in the universe; but in this garden alone, there were five thousand flowers exactly like hers! His flower had told him that she was only one of her kind in all universe. And here were five thousand of them, all alike, in one single garden!
I always think that I am rich and have a flower that is unique in the world; in fact, all I have is an ordinary rose. I thought that I was rich, with a flower that was unique in all the world; and all I had was a common rose.
An ordinary rose... A common rose…
To me, you are just a little boy, no different from thousands of other little boys. To me, you are still nothing more than a little boy who is just like a hundred thousand other little boys.
I do not need you. And I have no need of you.
You don't need me either. And you, on your part, have no need of me.
To you, I am no different from thousands of other foxes. To you, I am nothing more than a fox like a hundred thousand other foxes.
But if you tame me, we need each other. But if you tame me, then we shall need each other.
To me, you are unique in the world; to you, I am also unique... To me, you will be unique in all the world. To you, I shall be unique in all the world。
Ryefield has nothing to do with me, which is really frustrating. The wheat fields have nothing to say to me.
However, you have golden hair. And that is sad. But you have hair that is the color of gold.
Think about it, if you tame me, it would be great! Think how wonderful that will be when you have tamed me!
Wheat is also golden, which reminds me of you. The grain, which is also golden, will bring me back the thought of you.
I would like to hear the wind in the wheat field... And I shall love to listen to the wind in the wheat。
This is your fault, I didn't mean to hurt you at all, but you are willing to let me tame you... But now you want to cry! It is your own fault, I never wished you any sort of harm; but you wanted me to tame you... but now you are going to cry!
That taming is not good for you at all! Then it has done you no good at all!
Taming is good for me-because of the color of the wheat field. It has done me good, because of the color of the wheat fields.
Look back at those roses again! Go and look again at the roses.
Then you will understand that your rose is still a flower unparalleled in the world. You will understand now that yours is unique in all the world。
This is one of my secrets, a secret that couldn't be simpler: a person can only see the truth if he looks at it with his heart. And now here is my secret, a very simple secret.
The truth of the matter is invisible only with the eyes. It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eyes。
The time you spend on your roses makes your roses so important. It is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important。
People have long forgotten this truth. Men have forgotten this truth.
But you should not forget it. But you must not forget it.
You must always be responsible for what you tame. You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed.
You are responsible for your roses. You are responsible for your rose…
Only children know what they are looking for. They spend their time on cloth dolls. Only the children know what they are looking for.
So for them, the doll becomes very important. Once someone takes the doll away, they will cry and cry... They waste their time over a rag doll and it becomes very important to them; and if anybody takes it away from them, they cry…
If it were me, if I had fifty-three minutes to use freely, then I would walk leisurely towards a clear spring. As for me, if I had fifty-three minutes to spend as I liked, I should walk at my leisure toward a spring of fresh water。
The stars are so beautiful because there is an invisible flower. The stars are beautiful, because of a flower that cannot be seen。
The reason why the desert is beautiful is that there is a well hidden in some corner of it... What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well…
Ancient houses, stars, and deserts-what gives them beauty is something invisible... The house, the stars, the desert – what gives them their beauty is something that is invisible!
What moved me most about this sleeping little prince was his feelings for a rose--even when he fell asleep, the shadow of the rose still illuminates his life like a light... What moves me so deeply, about this little prince who is sleeping here, is his loyalty to a flower – the image of a rose that shine through his whole being like the flame of a lamp, even when he is asleep…
The people on the planet where you live have cultivated five thousand roses in the same garden-but they cannot find what they are looking for. The men where you live, raise five thousand roses in the same garden – and they do not find in it what they are looking for.
However, what they are looking for can actually be found in a rose or a drop of water. And yet what they are looking for could be found in one single rose, or in a little water.
However, the eyes are often blind. But eyes are blind.
People still have to look at it carefully... One must look with the heart…
Everyone has his own star, but the meaning of it varies from person to person. All men have the stars, but they are not the same things for different people.
To travellers, stars are guides; to others, they are nothing more than gleaming little things in the sky; to scholars, stars are a problem to be solved; to my businessman , They are wealth. For some, who are travelers, the stars are guides. For others they are no more than little lights in the sky. For others, who are scholars, they are problems. For my businessman they were wealth.
However, the stars themselves are silent. But all these stars are silent.
You—only you—understand the distinctive meaning of these stars... You – you alone – will have the stars as no one else has them…
I live on one of the stars. In one of the stars I shall be living.
I will stand on one of the stars and smile. In one of them I shall be laughing.
When you look up at the sky at night, it's as if every star is smiling...You-only you-can have stars that can laugh... And so it will be as if all the stars were laughing, when you look at the sky at night… You – only you – will have stars that can laugh…
When you no longer feel sad (time will dilute all pain), you will feel satisfied with knowing me. And when your sorrow is comforted time soothes all sorrows you will be content that you have known me.
You are my forever friend. You will always be my friend.
Will laugh with me. You will want to laugh with me.
For joy, you will often open the window... When your friends see you laughing because they look up at the sky, they will be baffled! And you will sometimes open your window, so, for that pleasure… And your friends will be properly astonished to see you laughing as you look up at the sky!
At that time, you can say to them: "Yes, the stars always make me happy and smile!" Then you will say to them, "Yes, the stars always make me laugh!"
However, adults will never understand how important this matter is! And no grown-ups will ever understand that this is a matter of so much importance!
