你知道的—当一个人情绪低落的时候，他会格外喜欢看日落……	You know — one loves the sunset, when one is so sad…
倘若一个人对一朵花情有独钟，而那花在浩瀚的星河中，是独一无二的，那么，他只要仰望繁星点点，就心满意足了。	If someone loves a flower, of which just one single blossom grows in all the millions and millions of stars, it is enough to make him happy just to look at the stars.
他会喃喃自语：“我的花就在星河的某个角落……”可是，这花一旦被羊吃掉了，一瞬间，所有星星都将随之黯淡无光……那你也认为这不重要吗？	He can say to himself, "Somewhere, my flower is there…" But if the sheep eats the flower, in one moment all his stars will be darkened… And you think that is not important!
花总是表里不一，而我太年轻了，不知道该怎样爱护她……	Flowers are so inconsistent! But I was too young to know how to love her…
她其实是不愿意让小王子看到自己哭泣。	For she did not want him to see her crying.
她曾经是多么高傲的一朵花……	She was such a proud flower…
我的花生命是短暂的，她只有四根刺可以保护自己，抵御世界，我却将她独自留在我的星球上了！	My flower is ephemeral, and she has only four thorns to defend herself against the world. And I have left on my planet, all alone!
他的花朵曾经告诉他，自己是宇宙间仅有的一种花；可是仅仅在这座花园里，就有五千朵和她一模一样的花！	His flower had told him that she was only one of her kind in all universe. And here were five thousand of them, all alike, in one single garden!
我总以为自己很富有，拥有一朵世上独一无二的花；实际上，我所拥有的不过是一朵普通的玫瑰而已。	I thought that I was rich, with a flower that was unique in all the world; and all I had was a common rose.
一朵普通的玫瑰花……	A common rose…
对我而言，你只是一个小男孩，和其他成千上万的小男孩没有什么不同。	To me, you are still nothing more than a little boy who is just like a hundred thousand other little boys.
我不需要你。	And I have no need of you.
你也不需要我。	And you, on your part, have no need of me.
对你而言，我也和其它成千上万的狐狸并没有差别。	To you, I am nothing more than a fox like a hundred thousand other foxes.
但是，假如你驯服了我，我们就彼此需要了。	But if you tame me, then we shall need each other.
对我而言，你就是举世无双的；对你而言，我也是独一无二的……	To me, you will be unique in all the world. To you, I shall be unique in all the world。
麦田和我没有任何关联，真令人沮丧。	The wheat fields have nothing to say to me.
不过，你有金黄色的头发。	And that is sad. But you have hair that is the color of gold.
想想看，如果你驯服了我，那该有多好啊！	Think how wonderful that will be when you have tamed me!
小麦也是金黄色的，那会使我想起你。	The grain, which is also golden, will bring me back the thought of you.
我会喜欢听麦田里的风声……	And I shall love to listen to the wind in the wheat。
这是你的错，我根本无意伤害你，可是你却愿意让我驯服你……可是你现在却想哭！	It is your own fault, I never wished you any sort of harm; but you wanted me to tame you... but now you are going to cry!
那驯服根本对你毫无好处！	Then it has done you no good at all!
驯服对我是有好处的——因为麦田的颜色。	It has done me good, because of the color of the wheat fields.
再回头看那些玫瑰花吧！	Go and look again at the roses.
到时你就明白你的玫瑰花仍是举世无双的一朵花。	You will understand now that yours is unique in all the world。
这是我的一个秘密，再简单不过的秘密：一个人只有用心去看，才能看到真实。	And now here is my secret, a very simple secret.
事情的真相只用眼睛是看不见的。	It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eyes。
你在你的玫瑰花身上耗费的时间使得你的玫瑰花变得如此重要。	It is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important。
人们早已忘记了这个道理。	Men have forgotten this truth.
可是你不应将它遗忘。	But you must not forget it.
你必须永远对自己所驯服的东西负责。	You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed.
你要对你的玫瑰花负责。	You are responsible for your rose…
只有小孩子知道自己在找什么。 他们把时间花费在布洋娃娃身上。	Only the children know what they are looking for.
因此对他们而言，洋娃娃就变得很重要。 一旦有人将娃娃拿走，他们就会号啕大哭……	They waste their time over a rag doll and it becomes very important to them; and if anybody takes it away from them, they cry…
如果是我，要是我有五十三分钟可以自由运用，那我会悠哉游哉向一道清泉走去。	As for me, if I had fifty-three minutes to spend as I liked, I should walk at my leisure toward a spring of fresh water。
星星真美，因为有一朵看不见的花。	The stars are beautiful, because of a flower that cannot be seen。
沙漠之所以美丽，是因为在它的某个角落隐藏着一口井水……	What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well…
古屋、星星和沙漠——赋予它们美丽的是某种看不见的东西……	The house, the stars, the desert – what gives them their beauty is something that is invisible!
这个熟睡的小王子最叫我感动的地方是，他对一朵玫瑰的感情——甚至他睡着了，那朵玫瑰花的影子，仍像灯光一样照亮他的生命……	What moves me so deeply, about this little prince who is sleeping here, is his loyalty to a flower – the image of a rose that shine through his whole being like the flame of a lamp, even when he is asleep…
你所居住的星球上的人们，在同一座花园培育了五千朵玫瑰——却无法从中找到他们所要寻找的东西。	The men where you live, raise five thousand roses in the same garden – and they do not find in it what they are looking for.
但是，他们所寻找的，其实是可以从一朵玫瑰花或一滴水中找到的。	And yet what they are looking for could be found in one single rose, or in a little water.
然而眼睛往往是盲从的。	But eyes are blind.
人还是必须用心去看……	One must look with the heart…
每一个人都有自己的星星，但其中的含意却因人而异。	All men have the stars, but they are not the same things for different people.
对旅人而言，星星是向导；对其他人而言，它们只不过是天际中闪闪发光的小东西而已；对学者而言，星星则是一门待解的难题；对我那位商人来说，它们就是财富。	For some, who are travelers, the stars are guides. For others they are no more than little lights in the sky. For others, who are scholars, they are problems. For my businessman they were wealth.
不过，星星本身是沉默的。	But all these stars are silent.
你——只有你——了解这些星星与众不同的含义……	You – you alone – will have the stars as no one else has them…
我就在繁星中的一颗上生活。	In one of the stars I shall be living.
我会站在其中的一颗星星上微笑。	In one of them I shall be laughing.
当你在夜间仰望天际时，就仿佛每一颗星星都在笑……你——只有你——才能拥有会笑的星星……	And so it will be as if all the stars were laughing, when you look at the sky at night… You – only you – will have stars that can laugh…
当你不再感到伤心的时候(时间会冲淡一切伤痛)，你就会因认识我而感到心满意足。	And when your sorrow is comforted time soothes all sorrows you will be content that you have known me.
你是我永远的朋友。	You will always be my friend.
将会和我一起欢笑。	You will want to laugh with me.
为了欢乐，你会经常打开窗子……当你的朋友看到你因仰望天空而大笑时，一定会感到莫名其妙！	And you will sometimes open your window, so, for that pleasure… And your friends will be properly astonished to see you laughing as you look up at the sky!
到时候，你可以对他们说：“是的，星星总让我开心而笑！”	Then you will say to them, "Yes, the stars always make me laugh!"
但是，大人们永远也不会了解这件事有多么重要！	And no grown-ups will ever understand that this is a matter of so much importance!
